In this lecture we are going to talk about how to use support vector machines in order to approximate
stock prices in the future.
So we are going to use linear support vector classifier and then we are going to use radial basis cannot
function and test what is going to be the better.
As far as accuracy is concerned.
So we have been talking about that if we have a linearly separable problem support vector the machine
is going to find the maximum margin.
That's why it is called the maximum Margene classifier.
And if we have a nonlinearly separable problem we can use the candle function in order to transform
the problem into a higher dimensional space with additional features.
And within this higher dimensional space we are able to end up with the linear hyperplane basically
in order to separate.
In this case the green dots from the yellow dots.
So first we assume that we have a linearly separable problem then we assume that our stock market problem
is nonlinearly separable.
So we are going to use a panel function.
Ok this is the linear support vector classifier.
So let's see what is the accuracy.
OK the accuracy is fifty six person which is not that good as you can see we can do better with the
half of k and n k and n is a very very simple approach.
On the other hand it is quite powerful.
We have seen in previous examples when we were talking about KNM classifier So this linear support vector
classifier is not the best.
So let's take a look at the radial basis function.
We are going to use this as we see from stickit learn as we and we use a can function.
RB Freddi all of these is function with a gamma apparently like this.
Again feel free to change these parameters.
Let's take a look at support vector machine to that pi.
The accuracy is 53 percent.
So linear classifier can do even better than we do the Cannell function.
Of course we may change the gamma in order to obtain a better solution and we can't come to the conclusion
that k n and k nearest neighbor classifier is working quite fine.
By the way a better approach is to use deep now on networks because deep learning is able to grasp the
fundamental relationship between the features in order to end up with better accuracy.
And of course maybe our model is not good.
Maybe we shouldn't use these features.
The Legwand lack the lacks free and lack for maybe daily returns in the past has nothing to do with
directions in the future.
So that's why we have two tasks tasks and tasks in order to come up with a good machine learning algorithm
to be able to forecast stock prices in the future.
But as you can see TNN is working quite fine.
Thanks for watching.